=pod

=encoding utf-8

=head1 NAME

 ii - is-inside.me uploader

=head1 SYNOPSYS

 ii [options] files...

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item B<-h>

Prints a short help about usage and exit with a positive return value

=item B<-c> I<file>

Specifies which file to read for the configuration of is-inside.me accounts.

=item B<-u> I<user>

Specifies which user to upload to, if multiple are configured in the config
file.

=back

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Takes the files from the command line, and uploads them to the specified
user's is-inside.me account. 

=head2 Configuration

If the L<B<-c>|/-c file> option is set, the file there will be used for reading the configuration.
Otherwise, if the C<HOME> enviroment variable is present, the file used is F<$HOME/.ii.conf>,
if not F</etc/.ii.conf> is used.
The program fails and exits with a negative return value if it cannot open the specified file.

=head2 Config format

The configuration file should contain all is-inside.me users one wishes to upload files to.

Each line in the file configures a different user, by providing the user's name, and
then the key string, separated by a colon (C<:>). As a special case, when the 
user name is omitted (thus the line starts with a colon), the current user's name
is used (as reported by L<whoami(1)>).

All lines whose first character is an octothorpe (C<#>) are ignored.

=head2 User selection

If the L<B<-u>|/-u user> option is set, the provided username is searched for. If it doesn't 
extist, the program returns with a negative exit value.

If the command line did not provide any users, the one used is the first one to appear
in the file. This includes the implicit whoami user.

=head1 FILES

 $HOME/.ii.conf
 /etc/.ii.conf

=head1 EXIT VALUES

=over 2

=item <0

An error occurred. More information is printed.

=item Z<>0

No errors occured; program run correctly.

=item >0

No error occured; program, however, did not fulfill its main purpose of uploading a file.

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

 András B. <bodand@pm.me>

=head1 LICENSE AND COPYRIGHT

 Copyright (c) 2021, András B. (bodand)
 All rights reserved.

 Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
 modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
 
 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
    list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
 
 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
    this list of conditions and the following disclaimer i n the documentation
    and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
 
 3. Neither the name of the copyright holder nor the names of its
    contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
    this software without specific prior written permission. 
 
 THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
 AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
 IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
 DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
 FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
 DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
 SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
 CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
 OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
 OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

=cut
